Add blog for webnn-polyfill (#34)
webmachinelearning/webmachinelearning.github.io: _posts/2022-12-08-try-out-webnn-api-early-using-webnn-polyfill.md

---
layout: post
title: 'Try out WebNN API early using WebNN Polyfill'
date: 2022-12-08 10:42:03 +0800
author: Wanming Lin, Bruce Dai

> avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/379216?s=200&v=4

Reviewer: Thanks @Honry! @anssiko My question is can Wanming and Bruce represent W3C? Should it be replaced by Wanming's personal avatar?

Author: The reason why I used a W3C avatar is that I didn't find a way to add two avatars. :D

Reviewer 2: My recommendation would be to use the beautiful logo created by @ibelem himself https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42399997?s=200&v=4 instead :-)

Reviewer: Thanks @anssiko for the suggestion. :) 

It can be foreseen that there will be many tutorials, articles and blogs written for WebNN/WebML next year. Important matters will be published by you and Dominique on the W3C Blog and I think they will also be updated synchronously to https://webmachinelearning.github.io/blog. At present, I am not sure about the requirements for the number of multi-author articles, if the number of multi-authors increases, I will consider modifying the template to support it, just like https://pwadev.io/blog/try-out-webnn-api-early-using-webnn-polyfill.

Reviewer 2: I think multi-avatar is a nice to have feature. For the time being a satisfactory workaround is to use the `author` field for multiple authors.

categories: blog
---

The [WebNN Polyfill][polyfill] has been published to NPM.

It is a JavaScript implementation of the WebNN API, based on
[TensorFlow.js][tfjs] that supports multiple backends for both
Web browsers and Node.js.

With this polyfill, Web developers are able to experience the WebNN API
early before the native implementations are shipped. Meanwhile, it can
be treated as an independent implementation to help validate the feasibility
and stability of the WebNN specification.

<!-- more -->

## Usage

Import the package via either NPM or a script tag.

- Via NPM

```js
import '@webmachinelearning/webnn-polyfill';
```

- Via a script tag

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@webmachinelearning/webnn-polyfill/dist/webnn-polyfill.js"></script>
```

Before using WebNN API, you should set backend to enable TensorFlow.js as follows.

> Currently WebNN Polyfill supports 3 backends: `CPU`, `WebGL` and `WASM`, `CPU` backend

Reviewer 2: s/`WASM`,/`WASM`.

has higher numerical precision, while `WebGL` backend provides better performance.
A new backend `WebGPU` is work in progress.

```js
    const backend = 'webgl'; // or 'cpu', 'wasm'
    const context = await navigator.ml.createContext();
    const tf = context.tf;
    await tf.setBackend(backend);
    await tf.ready();
```

## Samples

> Try out these live version of [WebNN samples][samples] which fall back to the

Reviewer 2: s/these/the

> WebNN Polyfill in the browser without native WebNN API support, where showcases

Reviewer 2: s/, where showcases/. These samples showcase

> various popular use cases for neural network powered by WebNN API. 

Reviewer 2: s/network/networks

## Vision

> We will continously develop WebNN Polyfill to cover full WebNN API spec. At the

Reviewer 2: s/cover full/keep it aligned with the

> same time, WebNN API has been shipping in [Chromium][webnn in chromium] in full

Reviewer 2: s/WebNN API has been shipping in [Chromium][webnn in chromium] in full/WebNN API development in [Chromium][webnn in chromium] is in full

## Samples

Try out the live version of [WebNN samples][samples] which fall back to the
WebNN Polyfill in the browser without native WebNN API support. These samples
showcase various popular use cases for neural networks powered by WebNN API.

## Vision

> We will continously develop the WebNN Polyfill to keep it align with the WebNN API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will continuously develop the WebNN Polyfill to keep it aligned with the WebNN API
```

Author: Thanks, done.
